I today
I will teach you a lesson for your ancestors
Numbers, what a big breath!
You're dying. You're dying.
God Yunkai
play tricks
Look at my palm
Ah!
How come?
Is that all? come again
You didn't eat?
That's not possible.
How is it possible that all my skills have been sucked away by him?
What have you done to me?
Let me show you what a real god is
Be careful
Indifference what the hell are you doing
I'll do it
Watch my seven star god lightning strike him to death
The legendary thunder
Use divine thunder
Hack him to death be careful
Don't be careless
Won't you help me kick to death?
Shenleixian
Ah!
What about Lei Shenlei?
OK
cheap
I'm right here
Come and help me hack to death
Quick and cheap
You are a fake, right?
What do you save money
Hurry up and kill him
Shut up I want to too
Can you do it in the mountains?
No, I can.
My thunder hey my thunder came today the thunder killed him
Shen Leixia
Why doesn't God Lei listen to my orders?
Is it possible that this is not your thunder?
It's mine.
Go